Update focal cn file preparation (#95)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/focal-cn-file-preparation/README.md

* `01-add-ploidy-cnvkit.Rmd` - The two CNV callers, CNVkit and ControlFreeC, do not handle ploidy in the same way ([A Note on Ploidy](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/de661fbe740717472fcf01c7d9b74fe1b946aece/doc/data-formats.md#a-note-on-ploidy) in the Data Formats documentation).
  This notebook adds the ploidy inferred via ControlFreeC to the CNVkit data and adds a status column that defines gain and loss broadly.

>   Specifically, segments with copy number fewer than ploidy are losses, segments with copy number greater than ploidy are marked as a gain, and segments where copy number is equal to ploidy are marked as neutral. Additionally, cohort and reported_gender/germline_sex_estimate information is also important in addition to that logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifically, segments with copy number fewer than ploidy are losses, segments with copy number greater than ploidy are marked as a gain, and segments where copy number is equal to ploidy are marked as neutral. 
- Additionally, WXS samples were updated to use either `germline_sex_estimate` from matched WGS samples or `reported_gender` for xy chromosome copy number calls.
```
